Terms of Service
1. Introduction
www.solpump.io is fully owned and operated by 3-102-932956 Ltd, a trust company incorporated in the Autonomous Island of Anjouan Union of Comoros and subject to their Island's law, having its registered address at Calle 37 bis, Los Yoses, Montes, de Oca, San Jose, Costa Rica
3-102-932956 Ltd ("Operator" or "Company" or "We" or "Solpump") is not licensed by any gambling commission.
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions") regulate the usage of the Games provided on the website www.solpump.io, mobile, and every other software belonging to or licensed to 3-102-932956 Ltd (hereafter - "Website") as may be specified from time to time, and the related enabling internet, URLs, mobile, or other software by you ("you or the Player"). These terms of use set out the basis on which you may access the text, software, media, and all other information and materials published on the Website (the "Content"). Please read them carefully.
The Website is for your own private use. By accessing the Website, you agree: not to use the Website or the Content in contravention of any regulation or legislation; not to do anything that may damage, interfere with, or impair the functionality, availability, or quality of the Website or the Content; not to use any automated means, such as robots, spiders, or crawlers, to access, monitor, or collect data from the Website or the Content, or to circumvent any security or access control measures on the Website or the Content; not to use the Website for any competitive or fraudulent purposes or to solicit, advertise, or sell any goods or services to other users of the Website or to benefit commercially from the Content; that you are responsible for any material you send or upload to the Website and that such material is legal, is not offensive, and does not infringe our rights or those of third parties.
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the use of the Website and the software. Except in cases of fraud, they supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, or proposals, whether verbal, written, or electronic, made between you and the Company concerning the software.
These Terms and Conditions constitute a binding agreement between you and the Company and are applicable as soon as you accept the conditions by registering at the Website and ticking the "I agree" button. If you do not agree to these Terms in full, you must leave this Website and refrain from using our services. By accepting, you acknowledge that you have read these Terms and Conditions and agreed to them. Additionally, by using any of the Software belonging to or licensed to the Company, you confirm your acceptance with these Terms and Conditions. This agreement, entered into between the player and the Company, collectively includes: these Terms and Conditions; relevant product rules; any other Company’s policies available on the Website; applicable terms for promotions, special offers, and bonuses; and any specific conditions which are stated as applying.
Our Privacy Policy is an integral part of these Terms and governs the conditions under which we provide and allow access to the Website.
The Company reserves the right to modify and amend these Terms and Conditions at any time; the version of this agreement will be valid until a new version is in place. We will provide you with a new version of these Terms once any changes are implemented by making available the most recent version of these Terms on our Website. The new version of Terms will become effective from the moment of its placement at the Website. Please ensure that you properly read the Terms prior to each of your "Sign in" to your account at the Website or use of the Services at the Website. If you do not agree to the updated Terms of Use, you must not use Services provided by the Website. In the latter case, you will be able to close your account following the established procedure. Rules and explanations in respect to the games provided in separate links on the sites, or explanations and conditions referring to the software stated therein, are incorporated into these terms and conditions by reference.
These Terms and Conditions may be published in several languages for information purposes and ease of access by players. It is only the English version that is the legal basis of the relationship between you and the Company, and in case of any discrepancy between a non-English version and the English version of these Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail. The Company is not obliged to provide translation of these Terms to any other language. If you are not able to read and understand these Terms as well as any of its updated versions, you must not continue to register on the Website or to use the Website services.
By utilizing our Services, you acknowledge and agree that you understand the inherent risk of losing money associated with engaging in such activities. You confirm that you are fully aware of this risk. Furthermore, you accept full responsibility for any losses you may incur while interacting with our Services.
Bold headings used in these Terms and Conditions are used to guide the reader and are hence not in themselves used to regulate usage of the software.
You acknowledge and agree that your breach of any of the Terms could cause irreparable harm to us. Without affecting any other rights and remedies that we may have and despite anything to the contrary in these Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that damages would not be an adequate remedy for any breach by you of the provisions of these Terms, and that we shall be entitled to remedies of injunction, specific performance, and other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the provisions of these Terms and that no proof of special damages shall be necessary for the enforcement of these Terms.
These Terms shall remain valid and enforceable until terminated in accordance with their provisions or upon the provision of at least ten (10) days' notice from one party to the other. The termination shall not affect the applicability or enforceability of any provision explicitly intended to survive the termination of these Terms.
2. License
Subject to the Terms and Conditions contained herein, the Company grants you a non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable right to use the Service on your personal computer or other device that accesses the Internet in order to access the games available.
The Service is not for use by (i) individuals under 18 years of age (or older depending on each country’s regulation), (ii) individuals accessing the Service from jurisdictions from which it is illegal to do so. The Company is not able to verify the legality of the Service in each jurisdiction, and it is your responsibility to ensure that your use of the Service is lawful. It is not the intention of the Company to offer services that contravene the applicable laws of your jurisdiction in any way. Should you choose to use our Services in violation of any applicable local, national, federal, provincial, state, or other laws, we disclaim liability for any resulting consequences.
The Company and its licensors are the sole holders of all rights in and to the Service and code, structure, and organization, including copyright, trademark, intellectual property, and other rights. You may not, within the limits prescribed by applicable laws: copy, distribute, publish, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, or translate the website or use a service in a manner prohibited by applicable laws or regulations.
The Company reserves any and all rights implied or otherwise, which are not expressly granted to you hereunder and retain all rights, title, and interest in and to the Service. You agree that you will be solely liable for any damage, costs, or expenses arising out of or in connection with the commission by you of any unauthorized use. You shall notify the Company immediately upon becoming aware of the commission by any person of any unauthorized use.
The term Solpump, its domain names, and other trademarks, designs, etc., used by the Company as part of the Service are solely owned by the Company. In addition, all content on the website, including, but not limited to, the images, graphics, animations, videos, music, audio, and text belongs to the Company and is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property or other rights.
With the exception of copyright belonging to third parties and unless otherwise stated, copyright in the pages of this website and all other material available through it belongs to the Company. You may print or save copies of the content of this website for your own personal use, and you may provide copies to others for information purposes, on the basis that: you do so on an occasional basis and free of charge; the copies are not tampered with in any way. Any other reproduction, transmission, and storing of all or part of this website and the materials available through it, in any medium, without the written permission of the Company is prohibited.
We only permit electronic links to pages of this website from which the Company can be accessed. You may not provide an electronic link to any other page of this website or to any other documents hosted on this website without our consent. We reserve the right to request that you remove an electronic link to this website at any time, and you agree to remove such a link immediately.
We, our suppliers, or third parties who have granted us permission to reproduce their material on the Website, own all trademarks, copyright, and all other intellectual property rights in the Content on the Website, and these may not be reproduced without our prior written consent. Nothing in these terms of use or the Company gives you any right, title, or interest in the Content or the Website.
3. Account
For you to be able to use Services on the Website, you must first personally register an account with us.
As part of the registration process, you will have to provide your valid email and choose a username and password for your login into the Website. You must enter all mandatory information requested into the registration form. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that the information you provide is true, complete, and correct. You will have to choose a username which is not disruptive or offensive.
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that your login details are kept securely. You must not disclose your login details to anyone. We are not liable or responsible for any abuse or misuse of your account by third parties due to your disclosure, whether intentional, accidental, active, or passive, of your login details to any third party. You are not allowed to carry out any activities related to the abuse of Solpump’s systems.
You are allowed to have only one Solpump account. If you attempt to open more than one account, all of your accounts may be blocked, suspended, or closed, and any crypto amount credited to your account/s will be frozen.
If you notice that you have more than one registered account, you must notify us immediately. Failure to do so may lead to your account being blocked.
You will inform us as soon as you become aware of any errors with respect to your account or any calculations with respect to any bet you have placed. We reserve the right to declare null and void any bets that are subject to such an error.
Upon account registration, you undertake, declare, and warrant that:
You are at least 18 years old or of the legal age for gambling as determined by the laws applicable to you, whichever age is greater.
You have sufficient legal capacity under the laws of the jurisdiction applicable to you to enter into this binding contract and use our Services.
You will use the Services exclusively for the purpose of participating in the games made available by us to you and not for any financial or other operations; your participation in the Games will be strictly in your personal non-professional capacity for recreational and entertainment reasons only.
You are registering an account for your personal use and participate in games on your behalf and not on behalf of another person.
You agree not to sell or transfer the benefits of your account to any third party, and you will not acquire or attempt to acquire an account that has been opened in the name of a third party.
You are not a resident of and located at USA, Netherlands, France, United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, Germany, Spain, Dutch West Indies, Aruba, Bonaire, Saba, Statia, Dutch St Martin, and Union of Comoros as well as any sanctioned or blacklisted country (such as Russia, Belarus, Iran, Syria, North Korea) or any other blacklisted or restricted jurisdiction or any jurisdiction where gambling is illegal. It is your responsibility to ensure that the use of the Service is lawful in your country.
You are solely responsible for the use of any software, hardware, or any other technical solution that bypasses restrictions on gambling websites in the state of your residence or location.
The sources of any funds you deposit on your account are legitimate, and these funds are not illegally or unlawfully received.
You shall not be involved in any fraudulent, collusive, fixing, or other unlawful activity relating to yours or third parties’ participation in any of the Games and shall not utilize any technical solutions that may have an impact on the results of your participation in the Game.
You are solely responsible for reporting and accounting of any taxes applicable to you under relevant laws for any winnings that you receive from Solpump.
You will not participate in a game of chance if the balance on your player account is insufficient to cover the wager.
You are not an employee or a key person of or a person engaged for the provision of services by the Company.
You are not a player who has excluded yourselves from participation as long as the self-exclusion period is in place for any other account with Solpump.
You shall provide true and correct information and keep it updated all the time.
You are not a Politically Exposed Person (PEP), Head of International Organization, or PEP/HIO Related Person (as defined below), and undertake to promptly inform us of any changes to your status in this regard.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for complying, and warrant that you currently comply and will continue to comply, with all relevant local, national, federal, provincial, or other laws that may impact your ability to access and utilize the Services.
In case you do not meet any of the undertakings mentioned in this section, you must not use the Services on the Website. In case the Company detects that you might not be allowed to register or use the Services on the Website, we reserve the right to apply the actions specified in clause 9.2 of these Terms.
For the purpose of clause 3.7.15:
A. You are considered a Politically Exposed Person in the meaning of Article 3(9) of the Directive 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, if you are a natural person who is or who has been entrusted with prominent public functions and includes the following: heads of State, heads of government, ministers, and deputy or assistant ministers; members of parliament or of similar legislative bodies; members of the governing bodies of political parties; members of supreme courts, of constitutional courts, or of other high-level judicial bodies, the decisions of which are not subject to further appeal, except in exceptional circumstances; members of courts of auditors or of the boards of central banks; ambassadors, chargé d'affaires, and high-ranking officers in the armed forces; members of the administrative, management, or supervisory bodies of State-owned enterprises; directors, deputy directors, and members of the board or equivalent function of an international organization.
B. You are considered a Head of International Organization (HIO) if you currently hold or have held within the past five years the primary leadership role in an international organization or institution. This organization or institution must either be: an international organization established by any state government, or (ii) an institution established by an international organization formed by any state government.
C. You are considered a family member of a PEP or HIO, if you fall within any of the following categories: Spouse, common-law partner, ex-spouse, or former common-law partner, (ii) Biological or adoptive child(ren), (iii) Mother(s) or father(s), (iv) Mother(s) or father(s) of their spouse or common-law partner (mother-in-law or father-in-law), (v) Siblings.
D. You are considered a close associate of a PEP or HIO if you are an individual who: (i) is business partners with, or beneficially owns or controls a business alongside a PEP or HIO; (ii) is in a romantic relationship with a PEP or HIO; (iii) is engaged in financial transactions with a PEP or HIO; (iv) serves on the same board as a PEP or HIO; (v) collaborates closely on charitable works with a PEP or HIO; (vi) is jointly listed on an insurance policy where one of the holders may be a PEP or HIO.
We reserve the right to terminate your account and ban you at any time at our own discretion. We may restrict, suspend, or terminate your access and use of the account at any given time and at our own discretion, pending completion of identity or sources of fund verification.
4. Territorial Restrictions
Your ability to access and utilize our Website and Services does not imply, and should not be construed as implying, that such usage or access is legally permissible in your jurisdiction or territory of residence. We expressly declare that we do not provide any assurances regarding the legality of the Services and/or your engagement with them.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to restrict access to the Website and Services for individuals located in certain territories or jurisdictions ("Restricted Territories"). As of the current time, these Restricted Territories include, but are not limited to: USA, Netherlands, France, United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, Germany, Spain, Dutch West Indies, Aruba, Bonaire, Saba, Statia, Dutch St Martin, and Union of Comoros as well as any sanctioned or blacklisted country (such as Russia, Belarus, Iran, Syria, North Korea).
We employ all reasonable efforts to implement technological measures to prevent individuals located in Restricted Territories from accessing the Website and Services. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be liable for any losses incurred by you if you attempt to access the Website and Services from within a Restricted Territory. This includes any attempts to circumvent our technological controls or solutions designed to prevent or limit such access.
Funds deposited into an account by individuals located in a Restricted Territory, whether on a permanent or temporary basis, will be deemed forfeited and will not be refunded.
5. Deposits and Bets
You may participate in our Games only if you have sufficient funds on your account. For that purpose, you shall use the payment methods available on the Website to deposit your funds.
We will not give you any credit whatsoever for participation in any Games. You will be able to bet within the amount in your account with due consideration to any limits that could be possibly set in the game rules.
To deposit funds into your account, you can transfer funds from crypto-wallets under your control or through any other payment methods available on the Website. Deposits can only be made with your own funds.
Deposits are immediately processed, and the updated balance is shown in your account instantly whenever a payment service provider is used. We do not take responsibility for any delays caused due to its payment system or due to delays caused by any third party.
We reserve the right to use additional procedures and means to verify your identity when processing deposits into your account.
Note that some payment methods may include additional fees.
You acknowledge that we charge a 5% rake on each stake placed in each of our Games.
Note that your bank or payment/crypto service provider may charge you additional fees for deposit or currency conversion according to their terms and conditions and your user agreement.
Funds cannot be transferred from your account to the account of another Player.
We can refuse any deposits at our own discretion. Players that have their accounts blocked or suspended shall refrain from depositing at the Website. In the event that a player tries to deposit when their account is blocked or suspended, we will have the right to retain the funds.
As we are not a bank, it’s important to note that funds deposited into your account are not insured by any government agency or protected by a deposit security scheme.
Any amounts owed by you to us according to these Terms may be deducted, either partially or in full, from funds held in your account without prior notice to you. You agree to compensate us fully for any losses we suffer if you or someone acting on your behalf initiates a chargeback, reverses a deposit, or cancels a deposit. You also promise not to take any action, or fail to act, that could lead to such a deposit cancellation.
We want to clarify that if payment facilitators are involved in processing payments made by you or to you, or in registering or accepting your use of a specific payment method for the Services, we will not be held accountable for any actions or oversights of the payment facilitator prior to us receiving funds for deposits or after initiating a transfer of funds for withdrawals.
Minimum and maximum wager amounts on all events will be determined by us and are subject to change without prior written notice. We also reserve the right to adjust limits on individual accounts as well.
Customers are solely responsible for their own account transactions. Once a transaction is complete, it cannot be changed. We do not take responsibility for missing or duplicate wagers made by the Customer and will not entertain discrepancy requests because a play is missing or duplicated. Customers may review their transactions in the My Account section of the site after each session to ensure all requested wagers were accepted.
6. Withdrawals and Wins
The player needs to wager 100% of the value of their deposit in order to request a withdrawal.
Crypto withdrawals will be made to your stated cryptocurrency wallet address when making a valid withdrawal request.
If we mistakenly credit your account with winnings that do not belong to you, whether due to a technical error in the pay-table, or human error or otherwise, the amount will remain our property and will be deducted from your account. If you have withdrawn funds that do not belong to you prior to us becoming aware of the error, the mistakenly paid amount will (without prejudice to other remedies and actions that may be available at law) constitute a debt owed by you to us. In the event of an incorrect crediting, you are obliged to notify us immediately by email.
We reserve the right to carry out additional KYC verification procedures for any withdrawal.
Players who wish to recover funds held in a closed, locked, or excluded account are advised to contact our customer support.
All transactions shall be checked in order to prevent money laundering. If a player becomes aware of any suspicious activity relating to any of the games of the Website, they must report this to us immediately. We may suspend, block, or close an account and withhold funds if requested to do so in accordance with applicable anti-money laundering legislation or on any other legal basis requested by any state authority.
You are eligible to request a withdrawal of funds from your account under the following conditions:
All payments deposited into your account have been verified as cleared and are not classified as Failed Deposits.
Any necessary identity or verification checks required by anti-money laundering regulations and/or other applicable legislation have been satisfactorily completed.
You acknowledge that all transactions may undergo scrutiny to prevent money laundering, and any transactions we deem suspicious may be reported to the appropriate authorities. We reserve the right to reject a withdrawal request and/or reverse the withdrawal of unspent deposits until the source of funds has been adequately verified.
There is no ongoing investigation into: (i) a game defect associated with a game you have played, necessitating a temporary freeze on withdrawal of funds; (ii) a significant violation of these Terms by you, including but not limited to fraudulent behavior, unlawful actions, or engagement in improper activities such as cheating, collusion, or criminal behavior.
We reserve the right to delay or cancel withdrawals to conduct additional checks, which we deem necessary at our sole discretion, periodically. If irregularities are discovered during our investigations, we may refuse withdrawal requests and/or withhold funds.
All winnings that have been cleared will be promptly credited to your account and will be accessible for withdrawal, subject to compliance with these Terms. We reserve the right to report to, and/or withhold any portion of your winnings as mandated by any applicable law or competent authority.
In cases when your balance is at least 10 times larger than the total sum of your deposits, you will be limited to €5,000 (or currency equivalent) for withdrawal per month. In other cases, the maximum withdrawal amount per month is €10,000.
7. Bonuses
We, at our sole discretion, might offer from time to time several bonuses and promotions. Each of the bonuses and promotions has its own set of Terms of Use and individual requirements, if any. By activating a Bonus or Promotion, you confirm that you also agree to the applicable Terms of Use.
Once forfeited or deactivated, the Bonus will no longer be available to you (and cannot be reactivated at any time thereafter). The amount of any Bonus Funds that have already been credited to your account balance will remain available to you.
We reserve the right to remove bonuses from all inactive accounts or accounts that are identified as "bonus abusers".
We reserve the right to cancel all bonuses that have been claimed within the claiming period or 60 days, the shorter of the two.
We reserve the right to cancel any bonus at our sole discretion.
We reserve the right to cancel any promotion, bonus, or bonus program (including, but not limited to, top-up rewards, invite friends to reward bonuses, and loyalty programs) with immediate effect if we believe the bonus has been set up incorrectly or is being abused, and if the said bonus has been paid out, we reserve the right to decline any withdrawal request and to deduct such amount from your account.
Whether or not a bonus is deemed to be set up incorrectly or abused shall be determined solely by us. If you use a Deposit bonus, no withdrawal of your original deposit will be accepted before you have reached the requirements stipulated under the agreement regarding the Deposit bonus.
Bonuses can only be received once per person/account, family, household, address, email address, IP address, and environments where computers are shared (university, fraternity, school, public library, workplace, etc.). We reserve the right to close your account and confiscate any existing funds if evidence of abuse/fraud is found.
We may insist that you bet a certain amount of your own deposit before you can bet with any free/bonus funds we credit to your account.
You accept that certain promotions may be subject to withdrawal restrictions and/or requirements which need to be met before the funds credited under the promotion can be withdrawn. Such terms shall be duly published and made available as part of the promotion. If you opt to make a withdrawal before the applicable wagering requirements are fulfilled, we will deduct the whole bonus amount as well as any winnings connected with the use of the bonus amounts before approving any withdrawal.
8. Account Closing. Abandoned Accounts.
You may close your account by contacting the customer support department via email at support@solpump.com or Live Chat with the respective request. All funds placed in your account are subject to the deduction of relevant withdrawal charges. The repayment will be made on the same crypto wallet or bank account from which the funds were deposited.
Solpump reserves the right to close your account and to refund to you the "Account balance", with deduction of relevant withdrawal charges, at Solpump’s absolute discretion and without any obligation to state a reason or give prior notice.
The Company reserves the right to ask for proof of age from the player and limit access to the Website or suspend the account to those players who fail to meet this requirement.
An abandoned (dormant) account is an account which a player has not logged into or logged out of for nine (9) consecutive months. If your account is deemed to be inactive, Solpump reserves the right to charge a monthly administrative fee of €40 or the equivalent in another currency (or the current balance of your account, if less) as long as the balance of your account remains positive.
You authorize Solpump to debit this fee from your account at the beginning of the month following the day on which your account is deemed inactive, and at the beginning of every subsequent month that your account remains inactive. We will stop deducting the fee if the account balance is zero or if the account is reactivated.
9. Misuse and Prohibited Practices
The following practices and activities are prohibited on the Website and constitute a violation of these Terms and Conditions:
Providing incorrect or incomplete information or documents about yourself within the KYC procedure.
Using stolen identity or payment information.
Non-providing of reasonable explanations regarding suspicious activity on the Website.
Using the products and services offered on the Website in an inappropriate or fraudulent manner.
Participating in criminal activity, including money laundering and any other activities implying criminal liability. This includes, among others, the use of illegal funds to play on the Website.
Colluding with other players.
Using any system designed specifically to forecast game results, make bets, and perform any other activities that may affect game results or which distorts normal gameplay and gives the player an unfair advantage and does not leave place for chance.
Performing any actions that may adversely affect the Website operation, including hacking or otherwise tampering, flooding information, spamming.
Using the Website for a purpose other than entertainment.
Selling or transferring an account to other persons, making any transactions between accounts.
Making profits from situations where the Website’s software suffers errors or bugs.
Making chargebacks.
Bonus abusing.
Using any multi-account practices.
Using the Website while being below legal age.
Violating any other regulation contained in AML rules or any other policies applicable to the Website, the rules of the game, and specific rules as applicable from time to time. Any such decision is within the sole discretion of the Company and does not require any justification towards the player and may not be contested.
Making or attempting to make any actions which are reasonably deemed to be illegal in any applicable jurisdiction.
In case of any mentioned or other violation that is reasonably suspected or revealed by the Company, it reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel any bets as well as winnings, block/close an account, exclude a player from participating in games, retain payments, and report the player to the authorities.
We will seek criminal and contractual sanctions against any Customer involved in fraud, dishonesty, or criminal acts. We will withhold payment to any Customer where any of these are suspected. The Customer shall indemnify and shall be liable to pay to us on demand all costs, charges, or losses sustained or incurred by us (including any direct, indirect, or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of business, and loss of reputation) arising directly or indirectly from the Customer’s fraud, dishonesty, or criminal act.
If we suspect that you are or receive notification that you are currently under 18 years or were under 18 years (or below the age of majority as stipulated in the laws of the jurisdiction applicable to you) when you placed any bets through the Service, your account will be suspended (locked) to prevent you from placing any further bets or making any withdrawals from your account. We will then investigate the matter, including whether you have been betting as an agent for, or otherwise on behalf, of a person under 18 years (or below the age of majority as stipulated in the laws of the jurisdiction applicable to you). If having found that you: (a) are currently; (b) were under 18 years or below the majority age which applies to you at the relevant time; or (c) have been betting as an agent for or at the behest of a person under 18 years or below the majority age which applies:
All winnings currently or due to be credited to your account will be retained.
All winnings gained from betting through the Service whilst under age must be paid to us on demand (if you fail to comply with this provision, we will seek to recover all costs associated with recovery of such sums).
Any monies deposited in your account which are not winnings will be returned to you OR retained until you turn 18 years old at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to deduct payment transaction fees from the amount to return, including transaction fees for deposits to your account which we covered.
This condition also applies to you if you are over the age of 18 years but you are placing your bets within a jurisdiction which specifies a higher age than 18 years for legal betting and you are below that legal minimum age in that jurisdiction.
In the event we suspect you are in breach of the provisions of this Clause or are attempting to rely on them for a fraudulent purpose, we reserve the right to take any action necessary in order to investigate the matter, including informing the relevant law enforcement agencies.
10. KYC & AML
We are committed to having procedures in place for the prevention of money laundering, terrorism financing, fraud, and other illicit purposes by using our Website. Our rules aim to comply with global best practices and recommendations.
As part of our global operations, we have established compliance measures commensurate with our services and products that are reasonably designed to deter and detect illicit activity on our platform. Such measures include onboarding and compliance screenings of our customers and transaction action-based controls. We are not a financial institution within the meaning of applicable law and are accordingly not directly subject to the statutes and regulations applicable to certain financial institutions, money transfer, or virtual asset service providers.
However, in accordance with applicable AML regulations, we expressly prohibit and reject the use of our products (which includes, among others, Website and Services) for any form of illicit activity, including money laundering, terrorist financing, or trade sanctions violations, consistent with various national anti-money laundering laws, regulations, and norms.
We continue to monitor norm-setting parameters promulgated by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and certain gaming trade groups in addition to the applicable legislation and will take necessary action as we deem appropriate to reflect changes in law.
Our intention is to follow global best practices in guarding against our products being used to facilitate such activities. Those best practices include:
Adoption of a written policy, and procedure, and control, reasonably designed to guard against money laundering, terrorist financing, and trade sanctions violations.
Where appropriate, designation of a compliance officer to oversee the implementation of the policy, procedures, and controls.
Provision of related education and training to relevant personnel.
Independent review, monitoring, and maintenance of the policy, procedure, and controls.
In an effort to be compliant with the applicable rules and regulatory standards, we deploy some anti-money laundering procedures, and know-your-customer is one of them.
By using the Website, you agree to the rules described below and authorize us to conduct various checks at our sole discretion or if required by third parties in order to verify the player’s identity and contact information.
To make use of the services on the Website, the player shall be personally registered and have an account on the Website.
Upon registration, you might be required to provide the following information for the purposes of identification: full name; permanent residential address; date of birth; place of birth; nationality; and identity number.
If some of this personal information changes, you undertake to notify us without delay, but not later than 5 days from any such change in the personal information and provide the changed information.
You should immediately inform us in case you become a Politically Exposed Person (PEP). In this case, such a player will be subject to an enhanced verification procedure.
You might be required to pass a verification procedure at any time for security check reasons. We also reserve the right to carry out verification of your identity even if the mentioned deposit threshold has not been reached, namely in the following cases: when you request withdrawal (payout); in other cases, during registration or ongoing monitoring of your activity when such verification is, at our sole discretion, deemed to be necessary.
Verification means that we will check information submitted by you during registration against some personal documents.
During verification, the player could be required to provide one of the following documents: Passport (first page); Local ID (front and back); Confirmation of address (utility bills such as for gas, electricity, fixed-line phone, bank statements not older than 3 months); Selfie with a passport or ID.
In certain cases, where according to our internal risk management system the player is considered a medium- or high-risk customer or such verification is required by our partners (software providers, payment institutions), we may ask you to provide additional documents for verification such as: driver’s license; additional recent proofs of address; bank statements; copies of bank cards used for topping up the account; payment documents; other documents confirming the lawful possession and legal origin of the funds.
Documents should be provided in the format of a high-resolution color photo. Scanned versions are not allowed. Document pages should be fully visible.
Documents shall be provided by a player within 2 days after receiving a verification request unless another term is indicated in the request.
The verification process usually may take up to 5 business days, in rare cases more than 5 business days.
We reserve the right to cancel any bets as well as winnings, block/close an account, exclude you from participating in games, retain payments, and report you to the authorities in charge if:
Any information submitted by you turns out to be incorrect or incomplete.
If there are discrepancies between data stated during registration and data indicated in verification documents.
If you do not provide documents for verification purposes or such documents are incomplete or incorrect.
In addition, we have the right to refuse any account registrations or to block and/or cancel any account for any reason whatsoever at any time at its sole discretion and without prior notice.
11. Responsible Gambling
On the Website, it is strictly forbidden to play for people under 18 years old.
Online gambling is a fun and potentially rewarding way to spend your time. However, we have our players’ best interests at heart. We support responsible gambling.
As online gambling has grown over the last period, online gambling sites for casino, sports, lottery, and other games have become easily accessible at a touch of a button, anytime and anywhere. This makes it harder for players to set boundaries.
Our Games are designed to offer maximized entertainment services that are made for pure enjoyment. However, we wish for our gamblers to play within their means.
Always keep in mind:
Gambling is intended to be fun and entertaining as opposed to a means to an end of making money.
Gambling is not a way to resolve financial difficulties.
Decide on a gambling budget and stick to it. Keep track of your spending and only play with the amount initially decided.
Do not chase after losses or play with money allocated to other areas of your budget.
Check that you are only playing in your free time allocated to hobbies. Gambling is not supposed to keep you from your routine daily activities. Monitor the time you spend gambling.
To assist players in keeping within their limits, we always suggest that gamblers who enter our site always check for the following guidelines and tools:
Game session timers.
Deposit limits that can be set at the beginning of play.
Set limits and provide tools to prevent underage gambling.
Offer a self-exclusion option.
A 24/7 support team to discuss concerns or queries on your problem.
We provide links to self-help information and organizations.
12. Self-Exclusion
By requesting a period of self-exclusion, you agree to follow the below terms and conditions, which will be in effect from the time that we implement the chosen period of self-exclusion.
You have the option to set limits on the amount you can deposit or the amount you can wager on Solpump. Additionally, you can set a limit on your playing time to help manage your gaming experience.
You may self-exclude for periods of 1, 3, 6, 12 month(s), or permanently. Self-exclusion requests are to be made via Live Support or Email: support@solpump.com.
Once you have self-excluded, you will not be able to access your account and/or withdraw during this period.
If you have excluded your account whilst you have pending bets on your account, bets placed will remain valid and settle according to official results.
Once the period of self-exclusion has lapsed, you may withdraw winnings from qualifying bets. We do not cancel or void any bets placed before a self-exclusion has been affected.
Once you have self-excluded, you will not be able to change or alter the period for a shorter length of time or have your self-exclusion cancelled until the period that you selected for self-exclusion has passed.
To extend your self-exclusion period, please contact our customer support at email: support@solpump.com.
Once your self-exclusion period has elapsed, reinstatement of the account can be done by emailing the request to support@solpump.com.
By self-excluding, you agree that:
You will not create another account during this period.
You will not deposit or attempt to deposit funds into an account on the Website.
You will not wager on this website during this period.
This is voluntarily initiated by yourself, and we will not be liable for any losses you may incur during the period of self-exclusion in any form.
13. Disputes and Complaints
If you are unsatisfied with any aspects of the Website’s operation or have any other complaints regarding the gambling experience, you should first try to resolve the issue with the Company’s support team on an ongoing basis via chat. An advisor will investigate your enquiry and respond to it.
During the internal process, all communications may be recorded. If the contents of these communications are disputed, we will consult these records, and they may be key to the ultimate decision.
We aim to provide you with a substantive response to your complaint as soon as practically possible and seek to resolve your complaint within eight weeks from the date we receive the complaint. Depending on the complexity of the complaint, our investigation may take longer than eight weeks to resolve. We will ensure that we write to you within eight weeks of the date we receive your complaint or dispute with either a final response or an update of the position explaining why we are not able to provide a final response, and when we expect to be able to do so.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this section, you undertake to comply with the following obligations:
To notify the Company within seven (7) calendar days after the session date, that you disagree, as a complaint, with the outcome of a specific game of chance.
To notify the Company within one (1) calendar month after the session date, that you disagree as a complaint with any other matters, not directly related to the outcome of a specific game of chance, however, in relation to your account, such as but not limited to matters of payout, suspension, and the calculation of bonuses.
To refer any unresolved disputes to a binding out-of-court dispute resolution, arbitration, or court proceeding of the applicable jurisdiction within three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after the session date.
All claims which you may have are personal, non-transferable, and not subject to assignment or transfer of any kind nor inheritable. In case of complaints, the communication language will be English.
If the first-time complaint is initially sent to support@solpump.com, it will be investigated and replied to at the procedure specified for complaints resolving established for chatting with a support team. If the question is not resolved by chatting with the support team, the Player shall address their complaint on the Website to support@solpump.com. Such a complaint may be filed only within 7 calendar days following the date when the basis for the complaint arose. If filed later, the Company still can consider the complaint but is not obliged to do so (unless otherwise directly stated in this section).
The Company will make its best efforts to provide a full and detailed response regarding the complaint, within 60 business days from the date of notifying you about receipt of the complaint. However, this term could be extended in the following cases:
If the questions raised in the complaint are of a complex nature which requires the Company to make a deeper investigation. In this case, the Company will notify the approximate term of resolution.
If the questions raised in the complaint require additional information from third parties. In this case, the period of 60 days will be extended until all necessary information is received.
The player must provide within the complaint clear and comprehensive information about the identity and all relevant information concerning the complaint. If any additional information is needed, the Company will request it immediately; however, it will prolong response time.
In case of any disputes which concern the results of real-life gambling-related events, such as sports events, the Company’s decision will be based only on official sources of information regarding such sports events. Any information provided by other companies will not be considered.
The Company undertakes:
Not to transfer any claims of the player or elements related to such claims as, however, not limited to accounts, credits, funds, winnings, and entitlements.
To resolve the Complaint by means of non-binding and voluntary mediation.
To refer any unresolved disputes to a binding out-of-court dispute resolution, arbitration, or court proceeding of the applicable jurisdiction.
All disputes with the Company about any operational matters such as payout, a blocked account, a delay, broken features, and so on shall be first taken up with the Company using the method described above.
14. Privacy Policy
General
This is the privacy policy of the Company, and it sets out how we will manage your personal information which we collect as a result of your relations with Solpump, your use of our Website, and any pages or websites under our brand, including any mobile phone or tablet applications that are owned and/or operated by us or whenever we otherwise deal with you.
We may collect personal information from you in the course of our business, including through your use of our Website, when you contact or request information from us, when you engage our legal or other services, or as a result of your relationship with one or more of our staff and clients.
The principal legal grounds that justify our use of your personal data are:
To perform an agreement.
For the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims or proceedings.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
For legitimate business purposes. Please see ‘How we use your personal information’ for more detail.
Consent, where your consent is required by law.
Your personal information will be retained in accordance with the requirements of applicable data protection laws and the purpose for which the information is collected and used, taking into account legal and regulatory requirements regarding the minimum retention period, AML regulations, limitation periods for legal claims, best practices, and business needs.
We are an international company, and any information you provide to us may be shared with and processed by our offices and partner firms.
We may also share your personal information with certain trusted third parties in accordance with contractual agreements in place with them, including:
Our professional advisers and auditors.
Our insurers and insurance brokers.
Suppliers to whom we outsource certain support services, such as word processing, translation, photocopying, and document review.
IT service providers and other service suppliers.
Third parties involved in the provision of services.
Where necessary, or for the reasons set out in this policy, personal information may also be shared with regulatory authorities, courts, tribunals, government agencies, and law enforcement bodies.
While this is unlikely, we may be required to disclose your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you in advance unless we are legally restricted from doing so.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise share your personal information with third parties in exchange for monetary compensation without your prior consent. If, in the future, we reorganize or transfer all or part of our business, we may need to transfer your information to new entities.
We may use social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and X (formerly Twitter). If you use these services, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they handle your personal information.
We are committed to ensuring that the personal information we collect about you is protected and is used, stored, and disclosed in accordance with the rules outlined in this section.
In using the Website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. We can review the Privacy Policy periodically and reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time at our discretion by posting such changes on the Website. Changes will be effective immediately when posted on the Website. Your continued use of the website following posting will constitute your acceptance of those changes. This Privacy Policy will not apply to websites which are linked to the website and over which we have no control.
Personal Information
The types of Personal Information that we may collect from you are:
Name.
Email address.
Personally submitted Preferences.
Date of Birth.
Country of Citizenship.
Physical Address.
Identification Number.
Government Issued Identification.
Location Data.
Device Information.
IP Address.
We collect, or may collect, such information through the following methods, including:
Data input during account registration processes.
Communication with players.
Collection Purposes
We will collect your Personal Information only by lawful and fair means and not in an intrusive way to operate our business as an online wagering bookmaker for the following purposes:
For know-your-customer (KYC) identity verification.
If you wish to subscribe to our marketing communications.
To process your application to become a member/player of solpump.io or any managed subdomains.
To provide and improve services to you.
To identify you as a player and authenticate your identity for security purposes and to comply with our legal obligations.
To maintain your account.
To upgrade and enhance your experience within the website or over the telephone, or to tailor or develop information, services, or products to suit your needs, which may include market research and conducting promotions.
To tell you about our products or services that we think may be of interest to you by communicating with you via email, SMS, or telephone.
To create aggregate data about Members through demographic profiling, statistical analysis of the database to provide to potential and existing stakeholders, and to allow for more efficient operation of Solpump’s business.
To respond to your questions, comments, or requests.
To determine your liability to pay goods and service tax and other taxes where applicable.
To comply with our contractual, legal, and statutory obligations.
For taking appropriate action if we have reason to suspect that unlawful activity or misconduct of a serious nature has been, is being, or may be engaged in that relates to our functions and activities.
To establish, exercise, or defend any legal claims.
To manage job applications.
If you do not provide us with the personal information we request, we may be unable to process your application to become a registered player, provide you with our services, or respond to your enquiry or complaint.
By using our Website, becoming a registered player, or otherwise choosing to provide us with Personal Information, you consent to us collecting, using, processing, and potentially disclosing your Personal Information for the above purposes and on the bases described in this Privacy Policy.
Direct Marketing and Opting Out
From time to time, we may use your Personal Information to inform you about our products or services or about promotional activities which we believe may be of interest or of benefit to you. We may do this via email, SMS, telephone, or mail. If you no longer wish to receive marketing or promotional material from solpump.io at all or in any particular form, you may contact us at any time by email to support@solpump.com with your request, with which we will comply as soon as is practical.
Delete Personal Data
You can request to have your personal data deleted if we no longer have a legal reason to continue to process or store it. Please note that this right is not guaranteed – in the sense that we do not have the ability to comply with your request if it is subject to a legal obligation to store your data. You can request the deletion of your personal data by sending an email to support@solpump.com.
15. Limitation of Liability
The Website and the Content are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we make no representations, warranties, or guarantees, whether express or implied, regarding the Website or the Content, or their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, suitability, availability, or reliability, or their fitness for any particular purpose or use.
We do not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from your use of the Website or for any reliance on Content published on the Website. We are not responsible or liable for any matter relating to you or any third parties accessing or using the Website and/or the Content. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for, the content of websites operated by others that link to the Website or that are accessible from it.
The Company, its affiliates, and their licensors shall not be liable to you or any third party in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise, for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with your, or any third party’s, use or access of the Website or the Services, whether direct or indirect, including, without limitation, damage for loss of business, loss of profits (including loss of or failure to receive anticipated winnings), business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary or consequential loss (even where we have been notified by you of the possibility of such loss or damage).
The Company, its affiliates, and licensors shall not be liable in contract, tort, or otherwise, for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with your use of any link contained on the Site, nor are they responsible for the content contained on any Internet site linked to from the Site.
In the event that we are held liable for any event under these Terms, our total aggregate liability to you under or in connection with these Terms shall not exceed (A) the value of the bets and/or wagers you placed via your account in respect of the relevant bet/wager or product that gave rise to the relevant liability, or (B) EUR €500 in aggregate, whichever is lower.
You confirm that the Company shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to, suspension of, or discontinuance of the Site or the Services. You understand and acknowledge that, if there is a malfunction in Games or its interoperability, any bets made during such malfunctioning shall be void. Funds obtained from a malfunctioning of Games shall be considered void, as well as any subsequent game rounds with said funds.
We reserve the right to declare a wager void, partially or in full, if we deem it obvious that there was an error, mistake, misprint, or technical error on the pay-table, odds, or software. We shall not be liable to you whatsoever for any unrealized winnings as a result of voiding a wager in this scenario. Refunds are given solely at the discretion of our management. You hereby agree to fully hold harmless us, our directors, employees, partners, and service providers for any cost, expense, loss, damages, claims, and liabilities howsoever caused that may arise in relation to your use of the Website or participation in the Games.
Any failure or delay in performance by us in respect of its obligations of service shall not be deemed a breach of its obligations to you as a customer if such failure or delay is deemed to be caused by force majeure, which shall include but not be limited to flood, fire, earthquake, or any other element of nature, act of war, riots or terrorist attack, public utility electrical failure, lockouts and strikes, delays or disruptions of the Internet and telecommunications networks caused by human or naturefactors, or any other such event beyond the reasonable control of the Company. We will not accept any liability for any consequences arising out of any such force majeure events.
16. Other Rules
Applicable Law
The agreement between the Company and the player shall be governed by the law in force in the Autonomous Island of Anjouan Union of Comoros.
Language
The terms of the Agreement might be on the Website in various languages reflecting the same principles. In the event of any conflicting foreign-language versions of these terms, the English version shall prevail.
Entire Agreement
This agreement forms the entire agreement between the Company and the player. The player acknowledges that they have not relied on any representation, undertaking, or promise given by the Company or implied from anything said or written unless expressly stated in these terms and conditions.
No Partnership
These terms do not create any partnership. Nothing in these terms shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or any other form of joint venture between the Company and the player.
Severability
Each clause contained in these Terms shall be separate and severable from each of the others. If any clause is found to be void, invalid, or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, the remaining clauses shall remain in full force and effect.
Transferability
The Company reserves the right to assign or otherwise lawfully transfer this agreement and all of its rights and obligations arising from this agreement to a third party. In case of transfer of the agreement, the Company will notify all players concerned by the transfer. The player is prohibited from transferring or selling their accounts to another person.
Waiver
Any delay in enforcing this contract shall not be construed as a waiver from the Company’s rights to enforce.